.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" See LICENSE
.\"
.TH NOVRAMON 1 "8 APRIL, 2011"
.SH NAME
novramon \- Program monitor for the Novra Noaaport receivers 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnovramon\fR [-L] [-t \fIsecs\fR]
[-n | -s | -r [-p \fIpasswd\fR] | -l \fIlogfile\fR | -v]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fInovramon\fR monitors the status of the novra box (s75, s75+, s200, 300).
This version has been tested only with the s300.

If invoked without options it continuously updates the terminal screen
with the status information. The following invocation forms modify
this behavior.

.TP
\fB-l\fR \fIlogfile\fR
In this mode, \fBnovramon\fR will detach from the terminal
and become a daemon, and write the information to the specified log file at
500 milliseconds intervals. The logging interval can be changed with the
\fB-t\fR option (see below).
The \fIlogfile\fR should be a full path.
The columns are (for s75, s75+ and s200):

    Time (unix seconds)
    LNB fault flag (0 = no fault)
    Signal Lock Flag (1 = locked)
    Data Lock Flag (1 = locked)
    Signal Strength (percentage)
    VBER
    Uncorrectable errors in the interval
    Uncorrectable errors since the program started.

The following additional parameters are output for the s75+:

    Data Sync Loss
    Frequency Offset

and the following for the s200:

    Signal Strength (dbm)
    Carrier to Noise ratio
    Data Sync Loss
    Frequency Offset

.TP
\fB-L\fR
Output additional parameters related to the traffic in and out of
the device.

.TP
\fB-n\fR
Same as \fB-l\fR, but the output is wtitten to \fIstdout\fR.

.TP
\fB-s\fR
Write to stdout the status information once and exit.

.TP
\fB-t\fR \fIsecs\fR
Specifies the loging interval when executed in loging mode
(\fB-l\fR or \fB-n\fR specified).
In this case, the parameters indicated above correspond to the
instantaneous values at the end of the interval, and the following
additional columns are written. For the s75, s75+ and s200,

    Min and Max values of the signal strength (in %)
    Min and Max values of the VBER

and in addition, for the s200,

    Min and Max values of the signal strength (in dbm)
    Min and Max values of the C/N ratio

.TP
\fB-r\fR
Reset the device and exit. For the
S75 and S7+, the \fB-p\fR \fIpassword\fR must be given in this case.

.TP
\fB-v\fR
Print a version string and exit. The version string has the form
	
    \fIprogram_version\fR-\fInovralib_version\fR-\fInovralib_date\fR

.LP
.SS FILES
/usr/local/share/doc/novramon/
.LP
.SS VERSION
3.0r1 - december 2010
.SS AUTHOR 
Jose F. Nieves
.br
nieves@ltp.upr.clu.edu
.br
Copyright 2005-2010
.br
